README.md, before:

# relearning-git
06/27/2021
Re-learning Git to post code/software to the world and info about me

06/28/201
About me:
Hello, I use to able to write code until I ended up with a career path that put me far away from it.
Now, I am taking my spare time to relearn what was lost so I can transition into a programming career that I always sought.

Re-learning git first part:
So far what I learned from the site's tutorial is when you creating repository a main branch is created.
A main branch can split into other sub branches by clicking the drop down button on main in the top left and writing a name.
Main branch is where the code that is published is located while the sub branches are where the edits are made before merging with the main branch.
The branch you name will be a copy of the main branch and purpose of it is for editting/features/bug fixes etc.
Right now I will commit these changes. This will be updated with notes to every changes I make for each repository.
I will be adding programming and scripting projects as I learn.

Commit message:

Adding Java project
Adding java project notes.

README.md, after:

# relearning-git
06/27/2021
Re-learning Git to post code/software to the world and info about me

06/28/201
About me:
Hello, I use to able to write code until I ended up with a career path that put me far away from it.
Now, I am taking my spare time to relearn what was lost so I can transition into a programming career that I always sought.

Re-learning git first part:
So far what I learned from the site's tutorial is when you creating repository a main branch is created.
A main branch can split into other sub branches by clicking the drop down button on main in the top left and writing a name.
Main branch is where the code that is published is located while the sub branches are where the edits are made before merging with the main branch.
The branch you name will be a copy of the main branch and purpose of it is for editting/features/bug fixes etc.
Right now I will commit these changes. This will be updated with notes to every changes I make for each repository.



06/28/2021
Adding chatting bot project made in java after checking for any issues soon.

I will be adding programming and scripting projects as I learn.
